The rules of Card Wars shall be as follows
Turns:
On each turn, you may spawn 1 card and move 1 card.
 You may only spawn a card in one of the five spawn spaces, provided that the desired space is empty.
You may only move to a space if the space is adjacent to the card being moved and the space is not occupied by another of your cards.
 If you move your card into a space that is occupied by a card belonging to your opponent, battle shall commence between the two cards.
Battle:
Upon commencing battle, the value of the two cards shall be compared. You will only see the value of your card. 
 If the value of your card was higher than your opponent’s, the opponent’s card will be captured in a most violent manner. However, if the value of your card was less than your opponent, the enemy will capture your card with reciprocated violence.
 If the value of the two card was the same, then a state of war between you and your opponent shall exist, and both sides must then begin war preparations.
War: 
There are two methods of preparing for war.
The first method: To prepare in this manner you must have three cards on the board not including the card that initiated the war. If so, you shall select three cards from the board as spoils of war, and the top card on your deck shall be the deciding factor of the war.
 In the second method, you shall draw the top three cards from your deck as spoils of war, and then select a card that you have placed on the board, other than the card that initiated the war, to be the deciding factor.
Once both players have set aside the spoils and selected a card to decide the outcome of the war, the value of the deciding cards shall be compared. The player with the highest value card shall receive all spoils that were set aside.
Discard:
You will have two discard piles. The first is yours, this is where your cards will go after there move count has expired, and where the war spoils you set aside shall go if you win a war. The second is for the cards you capture from your enemy, any cards that you defeat in battle and the spoils of war you receive from your opponent will go here.
Move Count:
Move count is the number of moves a card has left on the board. The count will only start decreasing after the card has been used to attack another. The opponent attacking your card will not start your card’s move count. Aces can only be used once; they expire after attacking. Face cards have a move count of 2. All other cards have a move count of 3.
Winning:
Your ultimate goal is to capture all the cards belonging to your opponent. If you are successful in achieving that goal you shall be declared the victor, free to bask in the glory of your opponent’s defeat. However another way of rising above your opponent is by capturing their spawn spaces. You shall be victorious if you succeed in placing your five cards in each of your opponent’s spawn spaces.

Much luck against all opponents you shall face,
The Card Wars Team.
